# AC-Essentials

This is a plugin intended for Nukkit. (OPEN SOURCE)

Nukkit Resource Page:

[![Nukkit.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nukkit%20MobPlugin-Download-yellow.svg)](https://forums.nukkit.io/resources/ac-essentials.119//)
[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/386601650963349504/widget.png)](https://discord.gg/rBew6kc)

#Currently Added:


/heal:
description: Recover your hearts
permission: social.heal

/eat:
description: Recover your hunger
permission: social.eat

/healer:
description: Completly heals all
permission: social.healer

/ext:
description: Takes the fire away
permission: social.ext

/scc:
description: Clear global chat
permission: social.scc

/cc:
description: Clear personal chat
permission: social.cc

/fly:
description: Let you fly around the world
permission: social.fly

/ci:
description: Clears your inventory
permission: social.ci

/day
description: Set time to day
Permission: social.day

/night
description: Set time to night
Permission: social.night

/sun
description: Set weather to stop
Permission: social.sun

/rain
description: Set weather to start
Permission: social.rain

----------------
NOT ENABLED YET
----------------
me.socialclubz.com.Command: /timestop
description: Locks the time of day
Permission: social.timestop

me.socialclubz.com.Command: /timestart
description: Resumes the time of day
Permission: social.timestart

me.socialclubz.com.Command: /weatherlock
description: Locks the current weather
Permission: social.weatherlock

me.socialclubz.com.Command: /weatherstart
description: Resumes weather back to normal
Permission: social.weatherlock
